(September 28, 2025)
Yokoi, your turn!
Hey, don't drag Minato into
this weird word game.
- That's amazing!
- Here, Minato, you take it.
- Let's play "don't let the spark go out."
- You're on!
Don't move.
Okay, looking good.
(Out for a walk) (Happy 20th!)
Stop taking pictures, it's embarrassing!
Ah.
To celebrate Minato's birthday...
and our first drink together. Cheers!
We actually took quite a few. What if
we held a photo exhibition just for us?
Just for the two of us?
We can decorate the room with these.
And we'll be the only audience.
"Countdown To Yes"
(Minato: I have something to tell you.)
(Episode 8)
Instead of dwelling on our past...
I should focus on what's between us.
I've thought about it...
But...
(Minato: I want copies of the photos too.)
(Minato: The ones from the beach.)
He's so casual about it.
Meanwhile, I'm...
still a total mess.
(Shirasu Photo Studio)
(Wataru: The photos are ready.)
(Minato: Are you free tomorrow night?)
(Wataru: I have to work.)
(Minato: Can I see you
before you head home?)
(September 29, 2025)
Oh.
You're here.
Long time no see.
Yeah.
This...
is a gift for your promotion.
Why this?
Because I remember you asking,
"What does a 'promotion' even mean?"
I guess I really
didn't understand.
Thank you.
Wataru is in the studio.
I'll wait for him.
You can just go in.
Whoa, you scared me!
Say something next time.
I didn't want to interrupt.
What's with the flowers?
The manager gave them to me.
A promotion gift.
Oh.
They're beautiful.
What kind are they?
Wataru.
Let's take some photos.
The manager said we can use the studio
since we're already closed.
I feel like...
it's easier to talk while taking photos.
Go stand in front of the camera.
Maybe it's the suit,
but this feels so formal.
Just me?
Strike a pose.
Hey.
Like this.
Or like this.
I'll only do it if you're in it too.
I have an idea I want to try.
Okay, get ready.
This doesn't feel like us at all.
Give me a bigger smile.
I should've changed before coming.
Why?
We don't match.
That's what makes it fun.
That might've been the last one.
I'll go change the film.
Wait.
There's one left.
Hmm?
I realized I want to
cherish these feelings.
Where is this coming from?
This is the answer I came up with.
I want to treasure you.
Well...
I feel the same way.
I want happy moments like this
to last forever.
Yeah.
Minato?
We're best friends.
Huh?
Let's stay just like we were.
Best friends, now and always.
That's for the best.
Yeah.
I think so too.
Ah.
That's the last one.
I'll go let the manager know.
I'm the one who said we should be friends.
So why am I so shaken up?
Well...
I should get going.
Okay.
Oh, right.
Here.
The beach photos.
The ones you took.
Thanks.
The beach was really fun.
Let's go again sometime.
Sure.
See ya.
(October 2, 2025)
(More cows than people)
(Daichi Yogurt)
That roll you were shooting
the other day...
How did it turn out?
Oh...
I haven't checked yet.
If you're busy, I can develop it for you.
No, it's fine. I'll do it myself.
It's important to me.
I see.
I'm going to take a break then.
Okay.
(Shioiri Kouhei: My birthday
party! I booked the restaurant!)
(Ebina: Sorry the birthday boy had
to do it.) (Fujisawa: I feel bad about it.)
(Shioiri Kouhei: It's this
Saturday, don't forget!)
Minato.
Heading home?
Yeah.
Good work today.
You too.
Did you get a gift for Shioiri yet?
- Not yet.
- Me neither.
On Saturday,
want to meet up early and go shopping?
Sorry.
I'll probably be running late
this Saturday.
Oh, okay. No worries.
Well... see you then.
Yeah, see you.
(October 4, 2025)
Wait, what happened with that?
Hmm?
Didn't you guys start living together?
That was a year ago.
And that was it? You just split up?
Yeah, once the deposit was settled,
we didn't really plan on seeing each other.
Wow, that's a total disaster.
- Why is the mood so heavy?
- Didn't you say you'd start a company?
Hey, it's my birthday!
What's going on...
Wait, what?
- Seriously?
- Huh?
So you guys weren't serious?
We were serious.
We just messed it up.
It was over before it even started.
Come on!
It's my birthday.
Let's talk about something happy.
No, look.
I'm saying Minato and Wataru are amazing.
Exactly.
Huh?
You lived together
for four years of college
and you're still this close.
A bond like that is rare.
That's because we're best friends.
I'd expect nothing less.
How about it?
Alright.
To our...
incredible friendship.
Cheers!
Ah.
By the way, that apartment...
What are you going to do?
Oh... we haven't decided yet.
Good places go fast, you know.
Let me know if you need help.
Sure.
Sorry for the wait, here's your order.
Oh, sorry, we didn't order this.
Actually, I did.
We have to do this again soon!
How many times are you going to say that?
It's good, it's good.
Why do you keep ending with "na"?
I'll say it as much as I want.
It'll only get harder to meet up... "ro."
"Ro"...
I miss the days we'd run down the halls
and laugh until we couldn't breathe.
Wow, that was a smooth transition.
This whole bit is so boring.
Alright, I'm heading this way.
And we're going that way.
Happy birthday!
Thanks, guys.
Get home safe, everyone.
Don't lose your phone.
Or your wallet.
You're the one we're worried about.
Congrats again! Bye!
Got a minute?
Yeah.
Sit down.
Usually, people sit on a bench
for this kind of talk.
Don't you think this is a bit creepy?
It's faster than I remember.
This...
If we go too fast...
we might not be able to stop.
That would be a problem.
If we can't get off...
Maybe we shouldn't
see each other for a while.
What?
I think there's still time.
Time for what?
Wait!
Minato!
Why are you running?
"No"... [TN: He's playing a word game with
the opening syllables of each sentence]
I'll do what you want.
Huh?
It's "Me."
"Me"?
"Me"...
I want to look you in the eye.
"Do"...
But I really need time.
What are you even talking about?
"Shi"...
So we can stay best friends.
I really need some time.
Minato?
"To"...
To... To go back to being just friends.
I need time.
Minato...
We can't see each other for a while.
Because whenever I'm with you...
I can't help how much I love you.
Wait.
I said wait, Minato!
Why do you always
decide things on your own?
I'm in too deep.
(Next Episode)
I wish I could just split into two people.
I'm the one who said we should be friends.
I don't like him anymore...
Stop thinking about it.
Stop thinking about him.
When you can't get
someone out of your head,
maybe it means you're one
step closer to growing up.